# 22

The bar charts above clearly illustrates the changes in express delivery business from 2018 to 2020. Based upon the data of the chart, there has been an increase in overall volume from 51 billions in 2018 to 83 billions in 2020, and in the meantime the figure for rural areas have shown a dramatic upward trend from 12 billions to 30 billions.

There are a couple of reasons that might help explain the changes displayed in the chart. At the top of the list, the growth of e-commerce has pushed people's shopping preferences to shift from physical stores to online stores. In addition, relevant policies have been implemented, especially in rural areas, to boost the development of the logistics industry. Last but not least,  the development of technology and productivity has given a major acceleration to the construction of infrastructure between urban and rural areas.

Taking into account what has been argued, we can come to the conclusion that the changes reflected in the chart is closely related to government support as well as the progress of e-commerce and technology. We can safely predicted that the express delivery business will continue to perform well in the recent years. 	

# 21

The bar chart above clearly illustrates the percentage of the way citizens exercise in certain city. Based upon the data of the chart, exercising alone accounts for 54.3%, the largest proportion, followed by the figures for exercising with friends, with families and with teams, at 47.7%, 23.9% and 15.8% respectively.

There are a couple of reasons that might help explain the phenomenon displayed in the chart. At the top of the list, exercise is of great benefit to people's physical and mental health, so we can obviously find that the proportion of exercise in the population is at a relatively high level. In addition, more than half of the citizens choose to exercise alone, which is a reflection of the modern people's increased personality and independence. Last but not least, people are more likely to exercise with friends than with families and teams, possibly because there is a better results when exercising with a like-minded fellow.

To sum up, the phenomenon reflected in the chart is closely related to the changes in people's life and mind. With the reasons given above, we can safely predicted that the number of solo exercisers will continue to grow in the upcoming years.

# 20

The pie chart above clearly illustrates the percentage of students' purpose of reading through mobile phones in certain university. Based upon the data of the chart, reading for knowledge accounts for 59.5%, the largest proportion, followed by the figures for reading for leisure, for getting information and reading for other purposes, at 21.3%, 17.0% and 2.2% respectively.

There are a couple of reasons that might help explain the phenomenon displayed in the chart. At the top of the list, more than half of the students use mobile phones to study, which may be because mobile phones are portable and practical, and they can access all kinds of knowledge in the world anytime and anywhere. In addition, the fact that mobile phones can kill time reflects that mobile phones have the function of making full use of fragmented time. Last but not least, the mobile phone is also a terminal connected to the Internet, which can help us obtain information in time.

To sum up, the phenomenon reflected in the chart shows the great importance of mobile phones in reading and studying. With the reasons given above, we can safely predicted that mobile phones will become more pervasive in our lives.

