# 22

Dear international students.

There will be a food festival on the playground of our school from 10a.m. to 3p.m. on May 27th. You are cordially invited to this occasion.

This event features local cuisine, ranging from traditional meals to seasonal dishes. Every participant can enjoy fine food accompanied by elegant music. If interested, you are also encouraged to make the specialties of your hometown. This will definitely be a great highlight of the event.

Don't miss this wonderful opportunity to experience the joy of life! We keenly look forward to your participation.

Your sincerely,

Li Ming

# 21

Dear Jack,

As the organizer of the meeting, I am writing this letter to sincerely invite you to attend the online meeting held by Ding Ding from 10:00 to 14:00 next Friday.

With the theme of A Famous Writer of Your Country, this meeting aims to give participants a taste of different cultures. Students from different cultural backgrounds will communicate with each other to broaden their horizons. As a lover for literature, you are very welcome to share your views on the culture of your country.

Details of the online meeting are attached for your reference, we keenly look forward to your participation.

Your sincerely,

Li Ming

# 20

Dear Friends,

I'm delighted that you put faith in me to arrange your trip. I will recommend to you the most distinctive historical site in Nanjing-Confucius Temple, and share some unique travel trips with you.

Located in the center of Nanjing, this historical site evolved from an ancient school in Tang dynasty and got its name in honor of Confucius, for his great contribution to the development of education. You can enjoy the beautiful scenery of the Qinhuai River, enjoy the unique lantern show every night, and experience the rich history of the city.

Remember to avoid holidays when visiting this site and taking the subway instead of driving by yourself. Having a guide with you would be a good choice. Hope you enjoy this trip!

Your sincerely,

Li Ming

# 19

Dear Professor Smith,

I'm delighted that you put faith in me to plan the debate. I'm writing this letter to make my advice towards the topic of the debate.

"Is Traffic Jam Caused by Inadequate Infrastructure or Poor Management" would be a suitable topic for this debate. Firstly, this topic is close to our life. Secondly, we have the course of  Public Management and  Traffic Planning this semester, so it allows student to put what they learn into practice. Last but not least, this topic covers many hot issues, which is good for students to have in-depth communication and thinking.

The debate will be held at school hall from 10a.m. to 2p.m. this Friday. If you would like to discuss any of these issues, don't hesitate to contact me.

Your sincerely,

Li Ming

# 18

Dear Professor Smith,

I am writing this letter to make an apology for not being able to visit you tomorrow as scheduled. l am deeply sorry for inconvenience it may causes you.

I have been looking forward to meeting you since you were transferred to Nanjing last year. I planned to travel there and visit you on this three-day holiday. But unfortunately, I woke up this morning with a headache and cough a lot, so I went to hospital and diagnosed with flu. The doctor suggested me to stay at home and have some rest. I have no choice but to cancel my travel plan.

I was wondering whether we could arrange a different time to meet. If you have any available time, don't hesitate to contact me.

Your sincerely,

Li Ming

# 17

Dear Professor Williams,

I'm feeling delighted for giving me the chance to give a presentation to international students, it is an honor for me. The presentation will be held in school hall from 10a.m. to 2p.m. next Friday. I choose the topic "Education in China" and here are some key points of my presentation.

Firstly, I will review the development of our education in chronological order. Secondly, Some interesting educational events will be presented separately to enhance the understanding of the culture with Chinese characteristics. Last but not least. there will be some reserved time for students to discuss education in their countries.

I will try my best to make a perfect presentation. If you would like to discuss any of these issues, don't hesitate to contact me.

Your sincerely,

Li Ming

# 16

Dear Jack,

Thank you for sending me your congratulation messages. You asked me about how to improve translations, and here are some advice I would like to share with you.

The first thing is to make sure you have clear understanding about the source text, figure out the author's attitude and deep meaning. Then carefully analyze the structure of the sentence to ensure that the translated text conforms to the grammar of the target language. Last but not least, some elegant optimization should be take to make translation easier to understand, don't forget to double check it at the end.

Follow these advice and translation won't be a hard nut to crack. If you have any doubt, don't hesitate to contact me.

Your sincerely,

Li Ming

# 15

Volunteers Wanted!

Our university will host a summer camp for high school students this summer vacation. It will start from July 15th and last for three weeks. A large number of events will be included such as lectures by professors and entrepreneurial activities, which are designed to inspire students' creative spirit.

In order to ensure good running of summer camp, we are recruiting volunteers now. We hope you have enough time for this event . The patience and dedication of volunteers is what we value most. It will be better if you have experience of being a volunteer before.

It will be a good opportunity to learn and exercise! Don't hesitate to join us by sending your application email to union@gmail.com.

The Students' Union

2022.1.1

# 14

Dear John,

I will study at your country this fall and I am the man who assigned by my university to live with you. To make sure there is a cozy life ahead of us, I am writing this letter to provide some personal living habits with you.

I am sorry to tell you that I am actually a night owl, which means it is hard for me to get up late. So it is quite needless for you to reserve a breakfast for me. I will also try my best not make too much noise at night. In addition to this, I believe I have all the qualities that a good roommate should have.

By the way, could you provide me some advice on living rules there? It will definitely helps me a lot. Hope to get your reply soon.

Your sincerely,

Li Ming

# 13

Dear classmates,

To enrich students' campus life, our class has decided to organize a charity sale from 10a.m. to 2p.m. this Friday in School Activity Center.

In the charity sale, we will be selling a variety of practical things, ranging from handmade biscuits and educational toys to second-hand cloths and books. Of course, all these items will be at a substantial discount. All funds raise from the charity sale will go to the Red Cross for the education of children in poor areas.

Don't miss this opportunity to help someone in urgent need. A mysterious gift will be given to each participant. Come and check for yourself!

Your sincerely,

Li Ming

# 12

Dear Sir or Madam,

On November 6, I bought an electronic dictionary from your online store, which costs me 1200 yuan.

To my disappointment, this product malfunctioned a week after I got it. When I use it for a while, it automatically shuts down, even when I charge it up. From two days before, the device would occasionally make strange noises and I have no way to solve it.

I think it would be a good solution to get me a new device for replacement. A full refund would also be a proper way. I am looking forward for your reply until November 25. If there is no reply, seeking help from Consumer Rights Protection Association would be my only way. Call me at 12345678 if you need more information.

Sincerely,

Li Ming

